[fa_doc] explain sedonary store and ownership (#8881)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/standards/fungible-asset.md

```rust
public entry fun transfer<T: key>(sender: &signer, metadata: Object<T>, recipient: address, amount: u64)
```

## Secondary `FungibleStore`

Secondary stores are not commonly used by normal users but prevailing for smart contracts to manage assets owned by
contracts. For example, an asset pool may have to manage multiple fungible stores for one or more types of FA. Those

> stores do not necessarily have to have deterministic addresses and more than one stores may be in need for one kind of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stores do not necessarily have to have deterministic addresses and a user may have multiple stores for a given keind of
```

> stores do not necessarily have to have deterministic addresses and a user may have multiple stores for a given keind of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stores do not necessarily have to have deterministic addresses and a user may have multiple stores for a given kind of
```

FA. So primary fungible store is not a good fit for the needs where secondary store plays a vital role.

The way to create secondary store is to create an object first and get its `ConstructorRef`. Then call:

```rust
public fun create_store<T: key>(
    constructor_ref: &ConstructorRef,
    metadata: Object<T>,
): Object<FungibleStore>
```

It will turn make the newly created object a `FungibleStore`. Sometimes an object can be reused as a store. For example,
a metadata object can also be a store to hold some FA of its own type or a liquidity pool object can be a store of the

> issued lp token/coin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issued liquidity pool's token/coin.
```
